---
title: 6 - I Am Ready
img:    http://arpitbhayani.me/static/images/mrcup/6-i-am-ready.jpg
layout: mrcup_post
comments: true
tags:
 - mrcup
 - story 6
categories: mrcup
seo:
 tags:
  - mrcup
  - story 6
  - i am ready
 description: “beep beep beep beep  … ” the alarm rang at 5:30 in the morning and woke Kipo up. With lots of butterflies in his stomach, Kipo woke up at once. Today is his first day at new school “The Blend” where he is joining 7th Grade; Yes! Kipo is a big boy now.
---

“beep beep beep beep  … ” the alarm rang at 5:30 in the morning and woke Kipo up. With lots of butterflies in his stomach, Kipo woke up at once. Today is his first day at new school “The Blend” where he is joining 7th Grade; Yes! Kipo is a big boy now.

He woke up and ran directly to the bathroom, took out his toothbrush & toothpaste and started brushing his teeth. It was only 5:40 now and he had a lot of time to spare as the school bus was going to pick him up at 7 a.m. Instead of thinking of taking a quick nap, Kipo decided to take a shower as he did not want his quick nap getting converted to a long sleep, and be late on his first day.

After his shower he ran to cupboard, picked up his new pair of shoes, his new uniform and his bright green tie. He was really very happy about it. He then quickly ran to his study desk and started packing his school bag for his first day. He did not forget to take his new set of Oil Paint Colors for which he fought hard with his Mum and Dad.

Once everything was done, somewhere around 6:30, he shouted a loud … “I am Ready!”. Everyone in his house was happy to see the excitement on Kipo’s face; but deep inside Kipo was nervous, was sad. He knew he will be all alone in this new school. He knew no one there, no friends, no acquaintances; He was unhappy about his Dad deciding to move to his new city but he had no choice. He did not want to leave his old city, friends, school but …

Hoping everything would be alright on the first day he boarded the school bus.

Will Kipo like this change?
Will Kipo continue to miss his old city, school and friends?

Stay Tuned
